Last Monday, I was at Sidney Smith Hall.

I went to school early, eager to find some coffee. 

It was my first day of school so I wasn't sure where I could find a good coffee. It was 6am in the morning and there was nobody I could ask. 

I wandered the empty halls, peeking around corners and smelling the air for any sign that I could get my caffeine-fix. Then, I heard a sound.

"Ding!" I peered to my right and saw one of the elevators opening their doors. Nobody came out. As if it was waiting for me to step in, I decided to see where this would take me.

I walked into the elevator to find no buttons. A voice greeted me "Please come in". I surprised myself by responding "Thank you". Even more surprising was the response back "You're welcome". I stood in shock as the doors closed on their own. 

I suddenly realized I may have made a mistake as the voice repeated "Please hold onto the handrails". The elevator slowly started to descend. It stopped after the 5th repetition, which oddly seemed more forceful than the earlier commands "PLEASE HOLD ONTO THE HANDRAILS!" I grasped them tightly in fearful anticipation of what was to come next. 

The elevator shuddered and a different voice sounded. "Dark or medium roast?" it said.

"Dar-", I started to say, but at that moment the elevator dropped and began plummeting down. I held on to the handrails with all of my might. I was losing my grip. 

I my life was flashing before my eyes. There was a lot of coffee in it. I smiled, despite myself. Coffee and I had had some good times together. 

"Ding!" The elevator stopped and the door opened. It was a dark corridor but then I saw a light seeping through a door. I followed the light and I smelled a familiar scent - French Vanilla! I was so excited and I couldn't wait to open the door. The door was left slightly opened. As soon as I opened the door, some red liquid started to flow out.

I inhaled deeply. ROOIBOS. Wait. WAS THIS SOME KIND OF TEAHOUSE? OF HORROR?

I cautiously walked into the room and I saw a bed in the middle with a man lying on it. As I tried to figure out what was happening to him, I heard some footsteps approaching. I quickly hid under the bed. A man in a white coat with a red cup holding in his hand walked towards the bed.

"How about a double double?" The man in the white coat asked as he walked towards the bed. As his footsteps got louder and closer, the bed started to shake above me.

I started to cry quietly, as I heard the sound of drinking above. I wondering if the double double was caffeine or decaffinated in some twisted psychological experiment. I closed my eyes and just wished I could be back in my bed. All I wanted was some caffeine before I started my day.... 
